NAS-100822 doc new reporting options, NFS and UPS (#1377)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/reporting.rst

    shows received and transmitted traffic in megabytes per second for
    each configured interface.

* :guilabel:`NFS`

  * `NFS <https://collectd.org/wiki/index.php/Plugin:NFS>`__ shows
    information about the number of procedure calls for each procedure

>     and whether the system runs as server or client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and whether the system is a server or client.
```

  * Target shows bandwidth statistics for iSCSI ports.

* :guilabel:`UPS`

  * `UPS <https://collectd.org/wiki/index.php/Plugin:NUT>`__

>     displays statistics about about the uninterruptible power supply

Reviewer: Double "about".  Also s/the/an/.
```suggestion
    displays statistics about an uninterruptible power supply
```

    (UPS) using
    `Network UPS tools <https://networkupstools.org/>`__.

>     Some statistics include voltages, currents, power, frequencies,

Reviewer: "Some" is unnecessary.
```suggestion
    Statistics include voltages, currents, power, frequencies,
```
